Program's Goal:
To be able to determine the extent to which a string resembles another string(String Equivalence).
To be able to able to determine whether a string is a substring of another and print out the indices where substring occurs in string.
To print out the most common substring in the set of all substrings of a string and its frequency.

Instructions for compilation:-
1.Compile using GCC compiler with std=c11 and run the .out file obtained.
2.Accepts input from terminal and displays output on terminal.
3.User is reuired to enter the lengths of two strings and then input the two strings.
4.User will be asked for a choice from a menu.

Sample Input with Corresponding Output:-


A.
Enter the length of the first string:5
Enter the length of the second string:5
Enter String 1:aabcd
Enter String 2:abcfh
Here are the choices, Choose any one:
1.Check whether string 1 and string 2 are equivalent.
2.Check whether string 2 is a substring of string 1.
3.Print the most common substring for both the strings.
1
The strings are not equivalent.


B.
Enter the length of the first string:8
Enter the length of the second string:2
Enter String 1:abbcabab
Enter String 2:ab
Here are the choices, Choose any one:
1.Check whether string 1 and string 2 are equivalent.
2.Check whether string 2 is a substring of string 1.
3.Print the most common substring for both the strings.
2
ab is a substring of abbcabab.
The indices are:1,2.
The indices are:5,6.
The indices are:7,8.
A total of 3 matches have been found.

C.
Enter the length of the first string:6
Enter the length of the second string:6
Enter String 1:aaaaaa
Enter String 2:ababab
Here are the choices, Choose any one:
1.Check whether string 1 and string 2 are equivalent.
2.Check whether string 2 is a substring of string 1.
3.Print the most common substring for both the strings.
3
The most common substring in 'aaaaaa' is 'a' with a frequency of 6
The most common substring in 'ababab' is 'ab' with a frequency of 3
